earning the [Music]
T you cush get the
place magic is wish you aena whisper to me don't
believe in any more lies getting crazy on the
Moonshine when you purple something the little bits that you give to the goddess
aena follows a [Music] Deus she makes men fulfill the desires
to be with the woman ching with afrodesiac once you are out producing
the thec watch out your brain will open up atha with a purple cup
push you get the place magic is wish you
would you you forget the place
get wish you welcome back to Lady Babylon this is
initiating apocalypse what I am going to bring to you tonight is going to fill
you with with great uh Joy and appreciation I'm going to give you a
view that we haven't had before and I'm going to bring these texts out to you and cause you to slip into the state of
reality I love this stuff I love this stuff don't listen don't listen to them
right that's what I told them don't listen to them but they always
do wax you got to either tie yourself down you got to put wax in your ears
right it's one of the two tonight what I'd like to bring you as usual we look
at a couple of Hebrew texts that took the Greek original and just slammed it
into the ground just cut off every
pedal all the buds sipped them off all you got a all you got is a stem left and
it's got thorns on it um tonight we're going to look at a couple more of those
examples because what we're doing and I I kind of want to give the congregation the big picture tonight what has
wrinkled people is the revelation of
what a Christ is and the revelation of the naked boy
with Jesus and the Revelation that Moses and
Yahoo were born in the 3r century those are the three things that really
are getting to people so I am doing the best job that I can to show you and to
be honest it's easy it's easy not just because it's the
Muse but because the translation into Hebrew from the creek is taking a step
from 1.7 million 1.5 million
down to 7,000 unique words and that's not a that's not a step down that's a
plummet Scholars Scholars can look at the
texts you can look at the text it's the evidence that we have right and the
evidence shows us that we are living a lie and I am here to free you I'm here
to free you from that Li to the reality which is not always so
bright it's difficult to tell
Muslims Jews Christians did you know that your
religions descend from rights polytheistic
rights were you all once were worshiped the great
urania yeah all over the Mediterranean she was all over the Mediterranean this
is Uranian mystery cult that I bring you tonight now Gnostic is going to come on
and look and after I'm done with my bit he's GNA come on and he's goingon to give you a bit and that bit's gonna have
little bits about Madness from Antiquity with with sources right
uh hopefully we'll supplement each other with the right material it's fantastic
look at what we do for you that's what we do and you don't have to buy a
t-shirt what is this hail to Uranian nice hail to Cleo who is Cleo Cleo is
the muse of History Cleo is the muse of History hail Satan we're going to look
at her tonight who is urania she is the muse of
uranos isn't that gorgeous all right let's go let's go find the Muse but in
the way we're going to bump up against this terrible laughably bad translation and it really makes theologians this is
the other thing we're doing and I just want to remind you this so everybody here at satanic congregation
knows that I am trying to um somebody is trying to set me up right
for engagement engagement with the with with
great leaders intellectual leaders thinkers yeah I don't know if you could
call them that um but it turns out that these people are unwilling to
engage because they are out of their depth and they know it very wisely they
know it you uh find somebody who's capable and the head of Dallas
Theological seminaries Greek program Dr darl Bach he's not
capable Jordan Peterson
incapable and why is that people that's only for one reason because we follow
the Muse we honor those texts and that evidence we use the reason that we've
got we use it we're not we're not looking for Nephilim isn't that nice to
be in satanic congregation and not have to be looking for Nephilim and alien
this oh God from Galaxy
Z Isn't it nice we don't have to deal with that we don't have to deal with
moons that are death stars why what keeps us sane here that
seems to permeate the environment around you this the insanity what keeps us
sane reason reason
nature God the great accounting there's things that you can look at that just
capture your soul I'm going to give you some of those tonight are you ready your souls for the for the people online who
think this is a conspiracy of some sort right with the funny things that are coming up um first of all if you're
going to do a video don't use modern
Greek right right um second of all uh you've got to
state things that are facts for which you have evidence right um those are the
you know you're not going to wrestle for long in the gymnasium of pidea if you
can't come to grips with that reality okay so everybody Seated on the throne
Seated on the throne let's get our cyan thing going let's get our cyan thing up
tonight and get the perception of what these words are
saying they're reaching out to us I wanted to put up this comment first I wanted to put up this comment focus on
this for a second these lessons have opened my eyes to what I've always subconsciously knew I
love my wife and daughters even more now than ever what has been done to women by
these monest pisses me off to no end I'm glad to be here learning history and
mystery with all of you beautiful humans that's a statement right out right out
of an academy right out of a Renaissance
Resurgence of the classics right that this is what happens
opens up it opens up the mind right this is not Faith this is reason our universe
is supported by Reason Not faith faith is what you get from monest
movements yes and then you get all sorts of genocide and
persecution and torture gets gruesome right monism is a terrible terrible
historical disease on Humanity yeah it is and the environment around doesn't
Hur help the environment either fantastic um how do we know this go go
back to the 14th century BC and check out what happens when the mons are from
totally different group and they don't know any Gods you know and blah blah blah and you'll see why it's similar
this is why it's important that we're sitting here I'm giving you the future hit me with
that I'm gonna review this because it was that important you who don't like
reviews come here by the way for the for the guy who sent me the comment that
comment about I repeated something that I had used
before that was for your wife okay my son my child do you imagine that they
will ever again restore literature or anything excellent satanic congregation
the time is at hand when men will live worse than wild beasts for
now Antichrist is at hand even at the doors an evil
precursors what kind of evil precursors evil precursors in the shape of
monstrous doctrines monstrous doctrines unlawful
practices no better than the orgies of bakas those must Usher in his
Advent oh isn't that delightful and whatever things have been represented by the Greeks and their tragedians as
Saturn and thyestes and tanelus devouring their offspring and edus debauching his hot mother and kenis his
daughters all these fearful enormities will break in Upon Our
State what do you think what do you think those
Byzantine folks were up to writing such
things predicting the future what do you think they were all about do you know what it says it says in order for the
Antichrist to come in order for the Antichrist to
come yeah what must happen
those Lawless rights must be
revealed here they are are you ready for some Lawless rights are you ready have
you gotten ready did you put your perfume on tonight did you put your cologne in the right place
are you ready let's go see that world that these text are
talking about give it to me give it to me and on the way remember it's media
who subjects that child to death in order to burn off their
mortality Christ give it to me give me the next one are you ready boom and how how are
they doing this they are taking those
pharmaceutical Powers those thcs those compound
substances they're using the drugs to do it I'm G to show you Jesus and Paul
involved with a dude not the same dude involved with a dude who's
drugged okay are you ready ready give it to me and yes it's new you who you who
hate the oh I should do it again come here here what is her name what is her name I don't know I'm sensing something
I don't know it's sweet something e Nancy there you go Nancy how's
that you know what you should do you should take him to Cersei clip clip are you ready you will
lift up serpents and drink that death inducer and it won't hurt you
you will put now this is the part of the verse we never talk about you'll put your hands on those who were ill and
they will get better they will get better okay that is Jesus Christ
performing the mystery okay performing the mystery
mystery involves the death inducer and it involves you entering a state
coming out of it and then your interaction with an eyes open
world fantastic fantastic you mean that's religion is coming down to
Pharmaceuticals well that and a lot of sex that a lot of sex and that side gets
corrupted you know it's always easy to get corrupted and we're going to see who's in involved in it here in a second
again all uh the these are going to be new references are you ready look what's happening to here where are we getting
our arrows people we're getting our arrows from the muses and what are these arrows doing
look at that look at that second line that is a combination of the purple
and lightning together what comes out of that
beautiful beautiful Muse what comes out that direct
speech her arrow is poisoned with the purple
lightning purple lightning do you know what you're not supposed to do for the mystery you're not supposed to
reveal when you reveal you become struck by the
lightning okay okay apocalypse are you ready for Apocalypse here's
another one give it to me give me new stuff they want said new stuff I'm going to bring you new stuff we need to look
at eunomia people this is a goddess daughter of Theus who is themus Theus is
that oracular Divinity who represents the laws the
Customs that keep you and I from destroying each other that is thus you
mean those laws were hand handed down on a mountain from a guy watching a bush
burn no that law principle right I can hear all of the
Nerds oh hmer rabi hmer Robi hmer Robi come here come here you syrians and you
Sumerians you Greek swallowed you Greek swallowed
you Greek swallowed you okay what's Happening Here
um yomia is a so I want you to look at the Top Line look at the second to last word
St does that sound familiar to you if you're a Christian it's because it's the word for savior only it's a word that is
feminine before there was a man's savior there was a woman's
savior right when Jews and Muslims and Christians all worshiped Aphrodite
yeah they had no problem with the Uranian power of a Woman They had no
they had no problem with it whatsoever yes and do you know what they
were into they were into gender
transitions you you might say that's forward-looking
forward-looking yes some remember Jesus walking around is
telling people some kids are made Unix you know for the
sake of the kingdom of God right some kids are made that way for that sake you
know what I mean and the ones that can go through that good for
them right fantastic fantastic what do you think
they were doing with all the drugs give me the next one give me the next one okay this is new I promised you new I
promised you new um I wanted you to see you know me just the Greek term here and
I want to look at look at number two loyalty to Divine Law isn't that nice
you mean they had Divine Law before they had Moses yeah they did they did right
personified as the daughter of themus give me the next one give me the next one okay you ready for this are you
ready I'm going to tell you what this says and I'm going to tell you where this is from
yeah
[Music] yeah it's a command it's a command an
injunction not to harm my Christ's
who am I I'm Yahoo I'm Yahoo and you cannot touch my
Christ yeah you can't do anything bad to my people who are in prophetic
trance wait a minute what that is from the Psalms the Psalms
kitties Psalm is a great Greek
word did you think it was Hebrew music isn't that funny it's not look at the courses they even talk
about the courses the instruments they're using and everything it's all Greek there is no
Hebrew oh my god let's see let's see what happens in Translation then because
this is going to be funny right we have to if we are thir Century um if we are third Century
people people trying to uh create a world to
describe religious experience and we're creating these
characters like Moses and whatnot it only makes sense that they have very bakic attributes right that they have
the attributes of the culture around them during the time which this is being
written right you can't let Fashions modern fashion slip into your historical
fiction right did anybody see in the last episode the bug on the
thumbnail right the guy in the corner the prophet had a
watch right the fact is you're being given that which is
fake you're being sold that which is fake it's fake history it's fake history
and how do we know the real history from the text man look at the text bring that Psalm up again what is that Psalms say
bring up the Greek perfect yeah it's talking about protecting my Christ and
my prophets huh that's weird now for you Evangelical Christians out there I
thought there was only one Christ apparently there's not apparently there were christs in ureides polius
when the really really horny fedra came up and said look I got to
have this young guy I gotta have this young guy right it's just it's got to happen do you have any drugs and her
nurse was like which one do you want I got a Christ and I got a pable Christ or
pable which one you want to rub it into your eyes fedra you want to rub it into your eyes in other
places right do you want to drink it do you want to put it in your they also put
it in their rectum there's another way of Drug Administration right the point is
they're on drugs let's watch them on drugs I'm gonna show you right now Paul literally dripping in
drugs do you know what they drank in Antiquity I'm going to tell you now and then I'm going to show you you dirty
dirty dirty people you know what they drank in antiquity
they drank Paul's testicular
sweat Paul's testicular sweat no wonder that dude got mad and flipped out that
dude flipped out during the right chewy they were having the riot with Paul and the dude flipped out and he was like no
no no no this is not how it's going to work right no it was seven other dudes he already did it with Paul oh and it
was seven let's bring him up let's bring him up this you guys are going to love this are you ready people didn't know
that Paul was involved Paul's the biggest junkie on the planet is that the one we just did yeah yeah yeah that's it
go to the next one there's just just for people to see some English you know translations of it right is it your
anointed ones is it is it your chosen people you know what I mean what is it
what is it it's not any of that right um because it's in the Greek because that is going to be a translation of the down
translation that is the Hebrew okay the English is going to be a
translation of that Hebrew not of the Greek original give me that that's why it's so important for us to get to get
it yeah so the kings of the Earth this is end of the psalm got together the
rulers they got together to fight against this cuos and against his
Christos and against his
Christos you mean this drug guy is all
over the the uh Old Testament the Jewish
scriptures soall you mean this dude is all yeah and there's a whole bunch of
them because you see that's the whole part of getting high and seeing visions that is prophetic
it's the whole time people ask me people ask me Dr Hillman why why is
this um the information you're bringing is compelling but why is it that nobody
else has seen this before I'll tell you why I'll tell you why you lazy
bastards it's because nobody was reading any of these documents nobody was
reading the medical side yeah yeah and I'm just fortunate to have
stumbled on to it you know what I mean and that that's metal finding that for
me has been metal it's been better than better than getting blacklisted better than getting kicked out of a
university better than being involved in legal this and legal that in order to
restore those rights of free speech
it turns out you can teach the Bible but you have to teach it like they want you
to teach it which is funny because here is our conundrum again why doesn't
Jordan Peterson debate me why doesn't he talk
to me about Jesus he doesn't we don't have to debate I hate debate we can just talk about Jesus we
can talk about Christ we can talk about ancient Greek
we can talk about the Old Testament being a document given to us
by the Tongue ancient Greek yes it's too bad don't worry it wasn't just Hebrew
they stomped they also stomped all this Aramaic people like yeah
Aramaic yeah Aramaic was the fly that was going around oh God I can't get it mother GRE
was stomping everybody everybody she even put Latin the Imperial language she
even put Latin in her place can you believe that God those people were
powerful too when you and what's the proof you say what's the proof F you want the proof go to the library that
they just opened up in herculanum and scan those scan those Papyrus rolls
those Scrolls go look at those yeah yeah
you're going to be surprised you're going to be surprised it's Greek overwhelming majority is Greek why
in Rome right or in Pompei herculanum really yeah
really right what language books do you purchase in Antiquity you
purchase Greek books you purchase Greek books nobody buys Latin books right Oh
They'll have a few in the library overwhelming majority will be Greek why
because Greek did that to everyone when you can
express a concept like erotic
Mania that leads to Vision when you can put that into a
word um your language is a monster your language will devour everybody
that's an Amazonian woman that's who it is where is she where is she did you have an
Amazonian let's get back to the evidence go ahead get back to the evidence people they're like look give me something
impressive okay you want to see something impressive yeah yeah
ex you see the Salvation again right right you came for the
Salvation La of the people of your people
right and to save your Christ right and everybody says on the
Christian side says we this is one of the Minor Prophets talking about the Christ look it's a reference to the
Christ like there was only one in the ancient world because you
listen to that fairy tale garbage too much and I'm not talking about the Bible you need to read the Bible you're
listening to the Theology and The Narrative of
control yeah it's exactly what it is you're listening to that not what the text is say give me that text back give
me that text back yeah so it's come for the Salvation of the PE of your people
and for the saving of your Christ now watch this
watch what the Hebrew does with this this is habach
3:13 right you went forth okay for what for the
Salvation right which is Lea okay Tove is that Tove or no to I
don't think it's Tove anymore um and for where's the other salvation the
salvation of your people and the salvation of your what it's salvation again do you
see something strange the same word is repeated twice salvation
Salvation why why would you have to use the same word twice now if this is the original
which they want you to believe and which all of your English translators are stupid enough to
believe um you're gonna have a Greek translation that's going to put the same word twice why is it the Greek version
doesn't use the same word twice I'll tell you why because Greek
after reading it for 35 years Greek is elegant Greek is elegant and Greek wants
to present you with a root concept and then show off how it can flexibly bend
it around and it does that in the Greek it's very natural to the Greek it uses a
form of the noun and the verb from which this one concept is derived they do it
all the time I've got another text of it coming up so for the Hebrew to have to
just say twice salvation um they're trying to
compensate because of course they're not their language cannot do cannot take be that flexible artistically they only
have 7,000 words bro there's nothing you can do with 7,000 words okay it's I'm
sorry I'm sorry you can't throw 7,000 words into a blender and have it end up
with a Banana Split it's not going to happen you can't do it give me the next one
that was a terrible example I must be hungry get uh give me the next one boom
okay um here's an example of exactly what I was just talking about
right right now you don't have to have Greek to understand look at the first
word and you'll see Kos does every see Kos starting from the beginning good and
the ne next word what do you get there you get if you don't start with the Epsilon on the front you start with a Campa you get Kos again and then
something added on the end right on on the end of it what are they doing here
they are shifting between the main verb and a
participle that is going to be circumstantial in other words they're setting a stage for for you now every
time they do this the Hebrew misses it it misses it completely and you're going
to end up with something that is is uh nonsensical right they surrounded me yes
right where's the yes come from by the way because the Greek doesn't get there that's no there's no not even a hint of
that in the Greek where does it come from yeah let me let me just make sure let me just make sure that is there him
NOP no there isn't no not at all so they just use the same verb twice why because
of the pity of Hebrew words now I know it's typical for world renowned Hebrew
Scholars like Captain Kip I know it's popular for them to not know things like
Hebrew has vows by the way Kip um look at the vows they represent them as
points right look at the vows right so he was trying to I'm sorry but he was
trying to professionally answer um why it is that um Greek has such an
advantage why it's so much more expressive and has such a verbal capacity that's so far beyond ancient
Hebrew and um he said it's because ancient Hebrew doesn't have
fouls okay people people okay verify ly
ridiculous things told to you by experts right let them criticize the
kitchen but they they are not artists I would not I wouldn't once
somebody tell me something like that I wouldn't listen I wouldn't listen to another word that they said about
anything historically Hebrew especially and that's how I recognized it was when
he stepped up and started talking about Greek and you can tell when somebody has been in the field you can tell and what
their strength is and again people it's just the reason that Classics has traditionally left the Bible alone for
the theologians do you think if the Bible was
studied by scientists that you would have same output now of course you wouldn't of course you wouldn't right um
this is our chance right classicists have those tools it's just linguistic
tools that's all evidence that's all baby give me the next one give me the next one and what's going to happen look
at this this is another verse it's another Psalm and um the psalmist
says teach me the things that are most
useful both pidea and nosis pidea
enosis okay do you hear this this is right out of the thir Century there's no
way that this is not from the third or second even late second century give me
the next one how what did the Hebrew do it the Hebrew says good judgment to like
that like that to right up front B to right good judgment and what knowledge
well what kind of what kind of knowledge is that it's kind of you know again you're asking a third grader after
explaining to him something from the University you want able to strain through um to know
knowledge okay knowledge it's a little bit General skill
truth yeah a little bit it's a little bit General let's see what the Greek
does let's see what the Greek actually does I want you to notice that when they say pidea you're talking about something
that is hugely Central to the ancient world hugely Central that it's the
result of Greek language and it is that educ ation it is the education of a
child right education of a child look look at the anything taught or learned
an art or a science isn't that nice learning
education this isn't just knowledge do you hear how knowledge is the refined
kind of you know just generalized all have a hamburger you know what I mean
right it's not you know we don't know all the ingredients we don't know did you get bacon with it you get extra
cheese there buddy what's going on right um so but remember if you were to whisper these verses from the Greek into
the ear of a third grader this is the exact equivalent that you get out the
Hebrew translation it's a good thing they have Scholars who don't know that
Hebrew even has H has uh vowels are you serious are you serious their Scholars
don't even know that Hebrews ancient Hebrews restricted to a 7,000 78,000
word vocabulary right they reported 10 times that their their greatest Minds who read
all the books and do everything that they can do do you understand why they won't come and talk to me because it's a
circus it's a circus it's a show and it's disingenuine what I'm giving you
here is my kitchen and my crappy internet interet that's what I'm giving
you and I'm giving you the texts I'm showing them to you it's a
whole new world out there give it to me Chewy give the next one um I wanted you
to see what the nosis is too right just so you can kind of reach in yourself
into your soul um Gnostic informant will love this look at I like definition
number three recognizing right it's from ginoso right
or gnos and it's really it really is that acquiring of knowledge notice in
the very first definition they give you it has to do with inquiry right
investigation nosis is investigation nosis is investigation now
you see how complex that is and you have to start with good you know basic terms
in the Hebrew to kind of filter that down into something you that you know is manageable okay okay okay um but it's
clear people all of this is clear evidence clear evidence that Greek is
the primary language I'm going to show you let me show you a little term that they use little colloquial expression
they use in Greek um yeah he makes his
angels Spirits right and those who exercise his
rights he makes makes that poor flag on do you guys remember the
flux right flocks do you remember what that was give me the next one give me
the next one um what is um by the way what did the Hebrew do with that they use the word fire okay and then another
word give me the next one another word here's the regular word for fire that's fine because Po in the Greek is it's the
same thing that's okay give me the next one right like you can imagine a third grayer fire daddy right okay good and
what is the verb that they use lot to Flame or to blaze so the flaming fire
the flaming fire only there's one problem um that's not the Greek term
that says when you put these two things together watch this um look at the
here's the flocks right flame fire is an element right and similar in metaphor
you talk about fiery Warriors etc etc right a flash of lightning look at
number three and you see it used with Kia and urania oh look there she is
there she is right what is that flocks have you
ever seen the flocks of the lightning yeah okay have you ever seen
the flocks of the lightning you know where that is remember I told you about the purple lightning before we're going
to find that purple lightning in Jesus's eyes here it is the flocks puros give me
the next one the flocks Pur so you ready and the eyes of Jesus when he comes back
right they are flocks puros yeah do you understand they are
flocks puros he has that burning
purple yeah what's he got on his head he has that Crown you want to see them all
you want to see them all give it to each other give me the next one you see them I'll give it to each
other that flocks can travel where does it end up
here this is from Ides it ends up on the
remains of the place where the mother of dionisis was consumed by the
lightning yeah yeah it is
living it is living did you hear me that
flock right is a living fire of lightning and if you
reveal the mystery you reveal the lightning you receive it yeah you receive the the
lightning right right okay wait let's keep going cuz we're going to see let's
okay you said I want to see people using this together okay pull it up pull it up let's watch people um who are some of
the people that used it here's a bronze age group of people this is from pendar now his fourth pithan ode and they're
Bronze Age people who are using that flock see the first second word flog
right that's from the flocks and who who are these people these are bulls these are
bulls that Jason was supposed to get past in order to go get the fleece but
they everybody knew that nobody could take these guys right so um what are
these guys known for they're known for breathing paneton they're known for breathing that burning flocks of
fire okay they're known for breathing it Jesus has it in his
eyes and they are known for breathing it
yeah you wonder you wonder you know what they called these Bulls um the people from whose culture
they came talked about their ancestors being the Fang of the Viper right the
dragon's tooth that's how they were born do you know there's a first and a
second birth there's a first and a second death Yeah Yeah from the serpent came
the knowledge to open your
eyes fantastic if you're a Christian and you haven't been involved in drug rights don't worry none of this applies to you
Christianity is not what you thought thought it was enjoy your celebration for whatever ice cream you can get out
of it give me the next one um what happens okay here's Paul I want to just bring you to Paul right this is all new
all new watch this what happens Paul's putting his hands on
people remember how Jesus said you put your hands on people it's part of the it's part of the fraking right right
you're gonna put your hands you're gonna lift up snakes you're gonna drink poisonous drugs and he didn't say drink yeah it
does say drink you're going to drink poisonous drugs and then he says uh you're going to be
unhurt from the drugs and you're going to put your hands on people you want to see people putting on hands the fairy
tale putting on hands is Jesus looking like a 60s hippie stand right totally
white guy too like as white as he can possibly be right blonde hair he's got to have blonde hair and he's standing
you know what pictures I'm talking about and he's standing next to that kid and the kid's all happy looking at
everything you know and Jesus has his hand out over the kid H he's putting his hand hands on you can see some little
light radiating from jesus' hand like he's doing something he's putting some kind of energy in him or something I
don't know he's giving him some he's blessing him he's blessing him right well that's not
reality you would you like to see and know what reality was the putting on the
hands go ahead go ahead what's this say so Paul's putting his hands on people
and why is he doing it because he's transmitting to them the pel mahag on
the the Holy Spirit okay the Holy Spirit and you say
I know Holy Spirit Father Son and Holy Ghost
right okay no he's giving
them his hands and what happens after he starts
getting handsy with them they start talking in dead
languages they start talking and things that you should not that none of us can
decipher right they should be
prophesying okay and that's exactly what they're doing look that's exactly what
they're doing they're using those mystery tongues they're using those mystery
tongues did you think it was Jesus
seriously did you really think it was that that kind of stuff is Circus man
you got to get over it your theology is crap right all of it I'm not saying your theology I'm saying all theology is crap
here are the text and what they're saying let's get let's continue on so and what kind of men are these they
happen to be 12 [Music] dudes and now you got to ask yourself
you got to say wait a minute Jesus is with 12 12 teenage kids one of whom is
sitting on his lap they never show that dude in the Last Supper they all look like they're 40 how about the one
sitting on his lap that comes up to his mid chest
right he's sitting there with his 12 why do you think these Magi are always
getting the 12 apostles why do you think they're always
doing that
boom God was creating a great work through the hands of
Paul okay Paul's hands are causing these people to enter
into ecstasy to be able to communicate with
the Angulo okay I see him I see him right they see
him when when they see him Peter saw him he there's two dudes there with him right out of they're all both dead
too ghosts right there right and what does he what does he do God works with
the hands of Paul but wait here watch it happen watch it happens what
happens he put his hands right on him but he also gave him his
sudaria his sudaria what is that it's a napkin or a handkerchief some kind of
cloth that you wipe your face with in your armpits when you're sweaty when
you're out in the sun you wipe that stuff off Paul gave them that the people
who were sick and he gave them his SE oh my God what it sounds bad what is
that it's a girdle and if you don't understand what I mean by girdle if you are out walking
around and you take off all your clothes and you dance around it's going to become
apparent that you need girdling girdling you mean that was the
wrap of his testicles and penis and he was giving that to people
to lick are you kidding me yeah but but
there's more there's more watch this Jesus does the same thing I'm about to show you you're going to you're going to
be shocked give it to me give it to me look he's back right so here's
Jesus and there's a dude who's been in a
tomb there's a dude in a tomb once again and this dude is bound by his hands and
his feet I mean there's some funny stuff going on here right dude laying in a tomb and he gets up and he walks out
right he walks out but when he walks out of the Tomb and everybody's like oh man
what has he got he's got a sudario covering his
eyes covering his eyes why why are you going to have this what are they doing
because wiping that skin it's the same reason that Jesus made that old woman
high from just touching him right just touching his clothing right the Magus is
a drug user extraordinaire Paul is so good at drugs
he's immune to Viper Venom right and Jesus is telling them all oh all these
poisons don't worry they aren't going to hurt you right he's a drug man what does
the guy get up out of the Tomb and come to do from the Bible he's got that covering over his face the same thing
Paul is giving people as Paul is laying on
hands yeah do you know what the Cure is for your demon do you know what the Cure
is yeah it's in Paul's nut
sweat in Paul's nut sweat yeah I don't know I don't know it is the Apostle Paul
after all right right I don't know maybe maybe you know if was like collected
earlier I think my faith would only take me so far with Paul's testicular sweat
but remember people so when Paul is with his his people is 12 when he's with them
and they're passing around the the taint juice you know whatever
that is the the by the way Crusaders I say that with all seriousness the
Crusaders um had initiates lick new newbies had them lick that Tain because
that's where the purple cross was in their gings okay so this is a very practical
thing that I'm talking about I'm just talking about drug transmission that's all right remember Christos is
drugged it's what it means right good fantastic and not just with
any drug but with ones that cause you to go nuts give me the next one we're going to go nuts here at these last sources
are you ready um okay now who else is doing it you think okay right like every
Jew in the room who's religious Jew right not secular Jew right but a
religious Jew monest Jew every monest Jew is going to say aha look at the
pagans and the dirty stuff they're doing now you be quiet because we've got your
magic writings that talk about homosexual love affairs
specifically between men and how Jehovah sponsors that what did it and
here what it what's going on here look this what do you think the seven sons of the high priest skwa this his name what
do you think the seven sons of that high priest he's the Jewish high priest right
see the word yudu what do you think they're doing remember her fingers are purple
Mary's fingers are purple what do you think they're doing they're doing the same thing with
the drugs and they try it with a dude and he gets mad and this is what he says to him watch this it's like a it's a
terrible um it's it's like a sad incident he um he says look um oh it's
it's coming through by the way the Bible author whoever wrote this is probably Luke but whoever wrote this the author
who put this here says you know um this guy happened to have a PMA
Pon a spirit that was harmful okay so if you
don't understand that within the cult you know all the casting out of demons right you can meet someone and you can
figure out what their demons are and what the write drugs you can cast them out may require some some christing and
it may require um sexual Congress of some sort or another um and what happens
uh this dude has a evil spirit he says he's got this evil spirit and what does
the evil spirit say it says I know right I'm aware of Jesus
right I'm aware of what Jesus you know what his act was right and I have
personal experience I have an understanding of Paul right I know it is but you
seven this is something else like we don't know what happened they went into a house and you and I are going to NOW
Watch What Happens from the outside of the house but these seven sons of the high priest take this one dude into a
house and he says look I know how Jesus does this and I've seen how Paul does this you guys are not doing it the same
way and what happens you and I sitting inside the house we hear a commotion
from the inside as the dude jumps on him and it uses the same
word for jumping there that a predatory snake uses for for grabbing and holding
on with its fangs so what does he do this dude jumps on them both right with
his bad spirit and he overpowers them right he overpowers them and you and I
sitting outside and watching watch them all run out and they are
naked do you know why they are naked because you end up naked when you have your eyes opened yeah it's the
mystery yeah and and uh they're running out of his house and it says they're also beaten up he beat them he beat them
up right so can you see how the cult Works can
you see how the cult Works do you understand now why Jesus is able to calm down people who are in tombs raving and
mad do you understand why because that's part of the freaking cult right Paul's doing the same thing it's not miraculous
oh right you were it's not even intended to be miraculous oh it's not it's the
reality that you can't read because you don't read the language right good
that's why that's why ad and you were trying to get people trained so they can read it and last but not least and then
we're going to go I just have a couple hymns to finish off what happened right after this with Paul so you and I are
sitting in this Village and we see these seven sons of the high priest the Jewish
High priests go into this house with this dude next thing you know we hear all this commotion and they're running
out nude and beaten up right um what is the community
response to this incident it's here in Acts 19:19 people came together took their
magic books and burned them it was so much the cost the value it says they
estimated the value of the books to be around Morad pente a myriad is 10,000
coin right so five of those so 50,000 coin
worth of Magic books now I'm going to tell you something you have been told
for years by biblical Scholars by Scholars of biblical
theology you've been told that only the very few people read in antiquity oh
these this is a land a fairy tale land where nobody reads it's only the extremely rich it's only the extremely
rich dude in this one location this is asiia minor in this one
location they've got more than 50,000 bucks worth of magic Scrolls you know
what that says says people are reading a lot more people than you think are
reading and it turns out that's true look at the library that we find the
Romans are complaining the giant Public Library those Christians they burned it down it was their Public
Library God they're burning them down all over Rome there's not just one library in Rome this was the big famous
one on the Palatine Hill that's what monism does get rid of the evidence so
that you can rewrite history but we're not going to let that
happen we're going to show it to you now for what it is now everything tonight
was brought to you by urania because urania is that mystery
power she is that mystery power I'm G to give you three it's kind of a riddle but
I'm going to give you three forms of that Uranian power via ancient cult song
are you ready for this because I wouldn't make this stuff up right I can't I have to always go from the text
that's what the devil said anyway go hit me with the next one why does he say hail Satan I'll tell you why um hipa
look at this here's a goddess you've never heard of I guarantee I guarantee maybe one or two
nerds hipa who is she I call upon hipa the nurse of bakas the atic girl the
aoic girl what is that do you know what who AA was she was the one who was taking from the side of
adamantas right she was the one taken from Adam right she is that Bic crier
and what does she do she leads the Mystic rights have this wow okay I kind
of want to go now right what does she rejoice in she rejoices in Sabu
hu she rejoices in holy Sabah do you know who in invoked holy sabba with the
last breath that he had Jesus Christ did Jesus Christ
did sabak Thor right he did exactly what somebody
who was in The Cult would do and remember Jesus Christ in the first century is technically since Judaism
only goes back to the third Jesus Christ is technically I mean the monist Judaism
not the Jewish people right not the ethnic group I'm talking about the manism that is
Judaism that thing only goes back to the 3 Century so technically Jesus is a
founder of Judaism isn't that odd no it's not odd that somebody who's going
to cause a contention or you know take over the territory from the holy
priesthood right it's just because he could do it better than the priests could right remember the Magi those drug
headed drug dealers right they're the ones who brought the whole hey here's the drugs
and the money bruh right so Jesus could do it better he got his education down in Egypt the people in Jerusalem
involved with the temple they were sending their people out down there to learn Greek Jesus had to go down and do
that right so it's no wonder that they're all the rabbis are all saying dude this guy is brilliant right and not
only that he can put you into a state right he can put you into a state give me the next one give me the next one um
that's hipa and I want to go now yes she's the konian mother don't you love
that konian sabba love it give me the next one and here is afrodite I just
want you to take note of a couple of things here a couple of Expressions that I want you to see the very first word
urania right who is this smile loving Aphrodite she loves the nighttime baby
she loves that yoking you know what she is she's the mother of necessity
what necessity compulsion the reason that you're here you got blanked into
existence I got blanked into existence you got blanked into existence JY right we all got blanked into
existence how do you think we got here we got here by Aphrodite doesn't it make
sense that we would return to her as the Muse you know they called her the Muse
right who is it who's with who' the Jews worship again before they worshiped Yahoo the misogynous God they worshiped
Aphrodite you're kidding me who did they they did it through bacus the worship of
bakas yes because you can't have Aphrodite without bacas they go hand in hand thank you
plutar now for the Jewish ethnic Community who can who wants to see their
Origins imagine your Creon ancestors right before they had
immigrated to the Levant imagine your Creon ancestors worshiping this Divine
pair Aphrodite and bacus Aphrodite and bacus isn't that
something you thought Adonis was some crusty crusty Desert god no no no he's
not he's not he's the lover he's the lover of
urania isn't that nice the lover of urania that's the culture that you come
from now um on the Muslim side you come
from the bakic adherence of a right that was
perpetuated that made it all the way to Arabia what we call what they called
Arabia and that's where you come from that's why you've got that Big Stone
right um that's why that your original devotions were to that goddess of
intercourse I know things have changed I know things have changed but that's how
it started out and it seemed to be because at the time they didn't have jihads the followers of Aphrodite never
had jihads on anyone it's a it's a phenomenon of theism right if you think
about it what is a Jihad right that action is against it's exclusive of One
Core monest group right you've got to perform that action against those who are on the outside of the fence right
put your burka on right um you're in the fence everybody else yeah terrible
idolators call them ever what whatever you want right but those polytheists
were your ancestors give me the next one um I wanted to go give me the next one
go ahead I wanted to show you here at the top I just want you to see that this is
Aphrodite who is called Lucina the end of the first line Lucina um Lucina is
like a draina the draina is the Priestess of the dragon and the Lucina
is the Priestess of the wolf of the wolf and what is this wolf
Priestess used look at the fourth line down last
[Music] words you know that filtron is a drug
right it's a concoction right a filter you can call it and they're usually sexual that one's
called aom Mania drug right the one that causes you
to enter into erotic Mania now I want to say this and I know I know Neil is
waiting in the wings so I'm going to finish up here but I want to say this the erotic Mania if you have never in
your life entered into erotic Mania I'm sorry that you haven't had
that religious experience I'm
sorry but they made that religious experience the
centrality of their salvation coming to grips with that climax is part
of the death process and rebirth yeah if you think about it it's
sort of makes sense it sort of makes sense we don't send a person to the Moon we put them into a state where they
can go beyond death and be brought back on a tether and with they come back
they're full of that Knowledge full of that knowledge and if we guide them properly we can tell them when you see
this do this do this right from our people who have already been going back and forth and who are the people who go
back and forth on a regular basis the oracles why do you think they always
know the future because when you're detached according to their physics when you're detached from this existence that
is material you become aware I don't know why they said this but you become
aware of all time right it's like ghosts in the
Underworld somehow know or watching us they get some
absorbed you know uh Vision right that's why your ancestors
um either hate you or love you right you you you didn't realize it but you're living this specifically for their
benefit right it's weird it's a strange way to look at the world I think it's quite Noble though I think it's quite
Noble um and I think it Bears you know we need to look at it give me the next one and we're done and I want to give
you one more one more hymn here I want you to see this is milleni and I want
you to see that she is that konian nymph who wears that hectic gown atic
gown this is we're on the witch side now you didn't know Aphrodite was actually a witch did you you didn't know Aphrodite
was actually a witch what does this one do what does meleno do she
myus and this is the perfect way to end because that means she causes people to
enter insanity and if you look at the very if you look at the um um second to last
line the third word in oyon what do we want from her we want oy
right this is the same cult person that you and I have been looking at that we call Media this is the same cult person
she has to be performing that right right she has to be she is the source
it's her body and blood that is the source of our Salvation right that's how
we manage these jumps to death and back right now we can do this in tombs we can
do it with the right drug we can do it with people walking around oh God there's another one revive that one
right this is the world that produced Christianity If
This Modern Age is to produce another Christianity it will not come out of any
churches it'll come out of movements mass movements of people who enter into
Altered States thank you for coming tonight I'm going
to now bring on Gnostic Gnostic um please tell everybody how you've been
doing what projects you doing and then I'm going to shut up and put plug you in totally and let you be the uh the circus
Master for um as much time as you need because you know people love it so um
tell us about what you're doing and then go for it oh man I got a couple projects working
on and and uh that I'm putting out pretty soon I've been real busy doing aot a bunch of stuff doing all types of
um projects working on and collaborations and stuff like that um I do want to I so you said a lot there
that I want to complement I got some sources first of all I have a source
from herius now real quick before you before you bring up my screen I just want to say something real quick there's
a story about Pythagoras and his life is pretty fascinating you
know he grew up in Ionia he travels to Athens and he becomes part of this old
presocratic Academy whatever it is pre PL platonic Academy and um he travels to
Egypt and learns the mysteries of the Egyptians he travels to Babylon learns the trips of the B and then when he
comes back he sets up a school in Croton Italy which is Magna Gracia at the time
greater greater Greece they call it Greeks were inhabiting most of Italy at that time Latins are just a little tiny
little baby at that time they don't they're not ruling [__] but the Greeks are spreading you know so everyone
thinks of Hellenism as like this post 330 ad or BC phenomena it's like once
you actually start reading the history helenismo Ander it's taken over the
world just culturally so Pythagoras goes to croon Italy and he sets up a school
there and the school the first thing he says to the people out there is the first thing we're going to build is a
temple to the mes so he builds the first thing they build is a giant beautiful temple with
probably Corinthian or ionic columns Doric columns whatever beautiful Temple to the nine Muses which is what I want
to focus on people always ask me Neil you want to tear down the abrahamic religions what are you going to replace
it with and it's very simple it's the religion of the M of the
Muse that's it it's the religion of inspiration it's the religion of art it's the religion of poetry it's the
religion of theater it's a religion of divine Madness that anybody can attain
that you don't need to go through a priesthood of Elders to get to anybody can get to it
all right so we're going to touch on that but first of all pull up my uh source that I have here this is
I just pulled this up because in 450 BCE Herodotus goes on and travels the world
sort of like Pythagoras did but he was inspired by Cleo the Muse of History
he's the first historian they call him the father of History so he travels to Egypt he travels to he travels to the
cians he meets with the cians and talks about their learns about their history he learns about Indian history he learns
about Babylonian history he learns about Persian history the med median history uh what else he learns about Anatolian
history he learns about you know Libyan history he's talking about you know he's
talking to the elders in Libya he's talking to Phoenicians about their history he's learning about all these
histories and then he goes to this little area that we call Sin he doesn't mention Israel or
Jerusalem or or Jews or or is or Judaism but he does say something that I think I
think we can tie to judeans he says they deem none other to
be Gods except for dionisis and Heavenly Aphrodite that's Uranian Aphrodite
Aphrodite Ur uranos that's title of this video and they say that the cropping of the hair
is like the cropping of the hair of dionis cutting it around the head shaving the temples they call dionisis
oral tot and Aphrodite alot all all right interesting they only have two
gods that they honor it's Aphrodite and dianis now why did he do that he's doing some Greco interpret asio here he's
saying that he's looking at these rights and he's comparing them and he's saying there's definitely a dianis and
Aphrodite cult set up here in this desert so I'm going to compare that to
what we got in the CH the caldan oracles where they say the dionisis or bakus was
called by the calans yaho we you know we always always bring this verse up this is just relative to what I'm talking
about in The Phoenician tongue he is frequently called Sab o who is above the seven poles the Demi
ergus and then we find in the oldest manuscripts that we have of the of the
Greek septu agent the name yaho is present all right I got some sto some
sources that I want to run through that have that are related to this the first one I got
is about dianis and Apollo and the muses and where do they come from
so let me find my source real quick here it
is um actually that's not it
it's this one what did I do with it
okay hold on one second let me pull this
up chewy wants me to take some heat off you while you do that um I'll make notes
by the the way for people I'll just say this quick for people who are taking the Greek whether it's at amenu or um at in
my studio uh the class lab is on
Saturday and full steam ahead for those of you who want to go in and say hey can we talk about this sentence from chapter
two or chapter one Whatever whatever you happen to be the mood for what oh it's
sorry um unit two or unit one sorry about that um so yeah please feel free
to attend and we've got that um link uh chewy says uh we'll put up that link so
did that give you enough time there oh yeah I got it I'm ready to go okay you so and before I even touch on this I
want to say something about the last source that I had there is that um during the time that Herodotus is
traveling the world in 450 remember what's going on at that time there is no Torah yet nobody knows about Judaism yet
doesn't exist yet it's just not there simply the gods that are the main Gods
and this is this is actually the reason why I think that source is relevant because the main Gods that are worshiped
in Jerusalem at that time is Asher and
Yahweh they're the head of the pantheon and they were side by side at that time period even as late as 450 BCE you would
go there and they would have coins minted of of Athena they would have coins mitted with
Zeus on them they were just part of the Mediterranean world like everyone else that's why herst just went there and
thought this is business as usual nothing nothing nothing to see here nothing crazy out of the ordinary just
regular Mediterranean life happening in Judea which is fascinating now I think
who is this dionis that's the question who is this Eastern dionisis I think
it's Osiris and I I'm I'm gonna get into that right now all right this Source right
here I'm going to share I'm gonna make this a little bit bigger so people can see it and read
it he said this is from diodorus of sicy he says Osiris by the way the the old uh
pronunciation is yo yos Cirus yo
yoa Osiris and then it relates to yaho too that we find in cre so there's this
older ancient yaho presence going on in the Eastern Mediterranean over in cre
Egypt Judea that's my that's what I think right now let's keep going Osiris
was the first they record to make mankind give up cannibalism for after
Isis had discovered the fruit of both wheat and barley which grew wild over the land along other plants which was
still unknown to mankind basically we got this god Osiris and Isis and they're taking Humanity out
of the Stone Age and civilizing them that's what's going on here so we got
the some cities during the Festival of Isis as well as stocks of Wheat by the way think about what he's doing here
Deiter Deiter and Osiris are being equated with each other the demer and Isis I mean and then
Osiris and diis so you got the Festival of Isis stocks of Wheat and barley
carried among the objects in procession me Memorial of what the goddess in geniously discovered in the beginning
Isis establishes laws in accordance with people regularly and uh for this reason the
early Greek grave Deiter he see how he just switches up from Isis demer just quickly boom that's what that's daor for
you you gota be you got to be paying attention to what he's talking about he does this with dionisis and Osiris as
well for that reason the early Greeks gave deer the name thorus which means lawbringer law Bearer
by the way thesmophoria in uh in Greece in Athens was celebrated in the same week as the
judeans later on celebrate the Sak Festival in PL of the elders geniusly
points this out in his moralia where he's worked comparing dionisis to Yahweh
they have a they have a festival in the same week they do this they do very similar things they carry palm trees and
and uh Myrtle into the temple and I I think there's something going on there and I think he's right he says Osiris
they say founded the Egyptian thian city with a hundred gates with the men of this day after his mother the later
generations called it deos diospolis and it says right here Osiris they add
built a temple to his parents Zeus and Hera which was famous for its size and its costess in general and two golden
chapels to Zeus the larger one to him as God Of Heaven the smaller one to him as
former King and father of the Egyptians in the role as he is called by some
Ammon he also made golden chapels for the rest of the Gods mentioned above allotting honors to each of them and
appointing priests to have charge over these special esteem at the court of Osiris and Isis was also accorded to
these which should invent any of the Arts or device of any useful
process here's where here's where we get into the muses ready I'm getting there Osiris they say was also interested in
agriculture and was reared in Nissa a city of Arabia huh Felix near
Egypt being a son of Zeus and the name which he Bears among
the Greeks is derived from both his father and from his birthplace and he is
called dionisis mention is also made of Nissa and by The Poets in in in his by the
poet in his hymns he's talking about Homer to the effect of this vicinity of
Egypt so this is old homeric from the 8th Century BC he says there is a certain
Nissa Mountain High with forests thick in Phoenicia afar close to Egypt
streams and the discovery of the vine they say was made by him near Nissa and that by having further despi
devised the proper treatment of its fruit he was the first to drink wine and taught mankind at the larger uh culture
of the vine Blah Blah Blah by the way the word for wine in Hebrew is yahan and uh that comes from the it
comes from the Greek wos wos so there's obviously some sort of boring happening
um even the oldest cities that Yahweh was worshiped in the the minites are the
the midianites are are Mo most Scholars would say Yahweh gets bored from because
in remember in the north the ugaritic attack there's no Yahweh just L and Bale
and Ashera and then down in the south in these midianite cities you get Yahweh
and then the archaeology says that midianite cities are using
uh aan Pottery so they're culturally connected with the Ean something to think about this is my
this is sort of my theory that I'm building here so here we go here's where we get to the
muses Osiris established the Affairs of Egypt and turned the supreme power over to his wife Isis and they say that he
placed Hermes at her side as counselor because of his Prudence raised him above the king's other friends and general of
all the land and sway he left Hercules who was both his Kinsman and renowned
for his Valor and physical strength while as Governors he appointed buus over these parts of Egypt which lie
toward Phoenicia and it was Apollo they say who
discovered the Laurel a Garland of which all men place about the head of his God
above all others the discovery of Ivy is also attributed to Osiris by the
Egyptians and made sacred to this God just as the Greeks do in
dianis and in the Egyptian language they say that Ivy is called the plant of
Osiris and for purposes dedication is preferred to the vine since the ladder
sheds its leaves while the former ever remains green the same rule more
moreover and ancients have followed in the case of other plants also which are perennially green describing for
instance the Myrtle of Aphrodite and the Laurel to Apollo this is very
important for the religion of the Muse you got to know these that the Myrtle is dedicated to Aphrodite when people get
married they wear Myrtle that's the symbol of love dianis is the vine symbol
of Madness divine inspiration of the madness that we get from the vine Apollo wears the Laurel the symbol
of Triumph and glory and and uh when there's a Triumph the Caesars would wear
low up they're following this ancient ritual Osiris was accompanied on his
campaign as the Egyptian account goes by his two sons Anubis and Macedon who were distinguished in their Valor both of
them carried most notable accortt of War taken from certain animals whose
character was not unlike the boldness of the men Anubis wearing a dog skin and
Macedon the four parts of a wolf and for this reason these animals are held in honor of the Egyptians he also o took
pan Along on his campaign who was held in special Honor by the Egyptians for the inhabitants of the land not only set
up statues of him at every Temple but have also named a city after him in thead called after the natives kmno
which is translated mean city of pan talking about canis there that's kind of crazy in his company there were
also who were experienced in agriculture such as Mar the cultivation of the vine and tripus and the sewing of the Grain
in every step apart of it and he says uh this is where this is where the mus comes in while they were
in Ethiopia their account continues the SAT people were brought to him who they
say have hair upon their loins for Osiris was laughter-loving now remember
last time I was here we talked about the Byzantine law codes that banned laughter
if you were a agricultural Vine um Vineyard worker he worked in
Vineyards it was actually forbidden for you to laugh while you were producing the while you were cultivating the vine
and producing wine because that would mean that you were following the rights of the ancient dionan religion isn't
that crazy so this is actually very important laughter-loving God fond of Music and Dance consequently he took
with him a multitude of musicians among whom were nine maidens who could sing and were trained
in other Arts these maidens being those among the Greeks were called the muses
and their leader musagetes as the count goes was Apollo who was for that reason
also given the name mettus as for the SATs they were taken
along in the campaign because they were proficient in dancing and singing and every kind of relaxation of Pastime for
Osiris was not warlike nor did he have to organize pitch battles or engagements since every people received him as God
because of his benefit factions now this is where this is where I wanted to um I
wanted to take a step back from this screen right now and pull up who these n Muses actually
are so I got my other screen ready to go it is over
here it won't take me long at all here it is so we got the nine Muses ready to go
who are they remember there's nine of them three of them
are inspired by dionis Madness three of them are inspired by
Aphrodite love three of them are inspired by Apollo the leader of the muses right so
you have different kinds of inspiration people are inspired by love people are
inspired by Madness and people are inspired by Randomness from the gods themselves so you have hel ope she's the
goddess of epic poetry right Cleo we talked about
already The Muse of history and Lear playing
polymnia the goddess of hymns means many hymns in Greek
P elpe the lyric poetry
Muse turpis scorey The Muse of dancing and
Horus The Muse of erotic and lyric poetry Mel pom the tragedy and chorus
Muse Thalia The Muse of Comedy uro urania the uh the go uh Muse
of astronomy right and then there there you have Apollo standing amongst the nine
muses and so we have a really interesting passage that I want to read real quick
I'm almost getting towards the end of it this is gonna you're gonna like this where Socrates and um you know I we talk about
Plato we talk [__] about Plato a lot as his monism sort of corrupted the world I think but he did have a muse he and
there are some there are some dialogues by Plato that are very important especially the one that I'm about to
read right now this is from fith pis and so let me pull up my screen
again so okay this is from fedis from 244
fedis he says this former discourse was by fedis the son of
Pyles of mirus but which I shall speak of storus Son of euphemus Man of speech
all right and this is now this is Socrates speaking this is one of the
few dialogues about Socrates that I actually think he said something similar to this so remember Plato's writing this
down after Socrates is dead and he's looking he's thinking back of the past and he's writing these dialogues go what
would Socrates have said about this here I'm gonna write this down I think he's I think Plato is spot on here I think this
is one of the few dialogues that play Socrates might have said something like this so let's let's what it says and I
must say this things saying is not true which teaches when a lover is at hand
the non-lover should be more favored because the lover is insane and the other is
sane for it would be a simple fact that insanity is an evil the saying would be
true but in reality the greatest of blessings come to us through Madness
what this is the this is the religion that I I want to bring back right here I'm
serious when it was sent as a gift of the Gods for the propheus at Deli now
remember what is dely Delphie is where the ancient Oracle was the most famous famous Oracle of the ancient world
people would travel all the way from India to go visit the Oracle and they
would get the oracles about the future and at dely is the dedicated a shrine to
the nine muses of course Apollo was on the top of the mountain and on the bottom of the mountain guess what you
had there you had a tomb a tomb of the burial of
dionis wait why is dianis in a tomb because dianis is is the god of resurrection and death you know Apollo
stands on top of the mountain because he's the Heavenly he's the Heavenly Son of God right and Aphrodite is the
goddess is the is the is the third of the Triad she brings the love all right
what what happens here the Priestess at daona it's one of the ancient seven
wonders of the world where the palas Zeus I'm not kidding it's called the plastic Zeus was set up and they don't
even know how old it was goes back to like who knows it was just it's just there when history starts getting
written Dona is there already we don't know when Dona was built it's the oldest
Oracle of Zeus that exists when they have been made conferred by many Splendid benefits upon
Greece both in private and public affairs but few are none when they have
been in their right minds and if we should speak of the cibil and all others who are who by
prophetic inspiration have foretold many things to many persons and thereby made them
fortunate afterwards anyone can see that we should speak a long time and it is
worthwhile to induce also the fact that those men of old who invented names thought that Madness was neither
shameful nor disgraceful otherwise they would not have connected the very word Mania with
the noblest of Arts Which F which foretells the future by calling it manic
art no they gave this name thinking Mania which it comes by the gift of the
Gods is a noble thing but nowadays people call prophecy the Mantic art
tastelessly inserting the te in the word so also when they give a name to the
investigation of the future which rational persons conduct through observation of
birds and but that's um that's the uh Roman art of
uh augury and by other signs they furnished the Mind
noose and information is Storia to human thought ois from intellect
dioa they call it ooti art which modern folk Now call O
otic making it more High sounding by introducing the long o notice how they
they pay so much attention to the vowels and the way words are spelled it's crazy
how crazy this they take this so seriously but I love it the Ancients then testify that in proportion as
prophecy man is superior to augury both in name and in fact in the
same proportion Madness which comes from God is superior to sanity what wow this
is mind-blowing which is of human origin moreover when diseases and the greatest
troubles have been visited upon certain families through some ancient guilt
madness has entered in and by oracular power has found a way of release for
those in need taking refuge in prayers and the service of the Gods and so by
purifications and sacred rights he who has this madness is made safe for the
present and after time for him who is rightly possessed of Madness or release from
present ills is found and a third kind of possession Madness comes from the
muses so we got dionan madness appolloni madness now a third kind of Madness from
the mes this takes hold upon a gentle and pure Soul arouses it and inspires it to
songs and other poetry and thus by adorning countless Deeds of the ancient Ed of the Ancients educates later
generations but he without the Divine Madness comes to the doors of the muses
confident that will he will be a good Poet by Art meets with no success and the Poetry of some man vanishes into
nothingness before that of inspiring I got one more thing I want to look
at and um all right so yeah he's basically explaining here I don't have to I can um go to the next one he's
basically explaining here that um you have different kinds of Madness
different kinds of divine inspiration and uh you get mat you get
the the nine Muses that can be either sent by Aphrodite which is love Dian
which is De Mania and apollonian inspiration of the
song so so it's sent for three things now last thing I want to
show is um there's a passage from Plutarch about
dianis and and um and Osiris if you want to pull this up I have it ready to go so
he says he says this is fascinating stuff now we're talking Herodotus was writing in 450 this is 500 years later
and plutar comes along and this is what he has to say Osiris is identical with OS with
dianis who could be more fitting to Know Than yourself Cleo for you are the head
of the inspired maidens of Deli huh and have been consecrated by
your father and mother in the Holy rights of Osiris what is going on if however for the
benefit of others is needful to aduce proofs of this identity let us have undisturbed what may not be told but in
the public ceremonies which the priests perform and the barrial of apus that's
the bull this is very important for the Mysteries the bull is slain and the bull is buried and They
Mourn it's agricultural but it's also has it that's also
spiritual and when they convey his body on improvised beer do not in any way
come sort of a bakic pression for they fasten skins of fawns about themselves
and carry bakic wands and indulge in shoutings and movements exactly as those
do who are under the spell of dionesia ecstasies for the same reason many of
the Greeks make statues of dionisis in the form of a bow and the women at Ellis
invoke him praying that the god may come with the hoof of a bowl and the epithet
applied to dionisis among the argives is son of a bull they call upon him by the
water of the sound of trumpets out of the water they call upon him out of the water so out of this baptism they have
the sound of the voice of God what do that reminds you of at the same time casting Into the
Depths a lamb you that's not a that's not a Miss typ not typo a lamb as an offering to
The Keeper of the gate The Trumpets They conceal in Bak wands as Sac Socrates has
stated in his Treatise the holy ones now you're probably
wondering what the hell is this treaties that Socrates wrote we lost it but we do
know what it's called the word oion the holy ones that Socrates wrote
is the word oion huh oion what is that word I thought I thought the word for
Holy is either seba sabba or Hira or um
hagio this the Greek has nine words for every everything this is just one of the few words one of the many words for holy
ones but let's see what Alice has to say about this this is very important let me pull up my
screen and let's go to this oos ready for this this is crazy so
Socrates wrote a text called on the holy ones called on the oon that's where the word Osiris comes from so yes the word
Osiris does have connection to Greek believe it or not as ancient as Osiris
is so is Greek this is one of those one of those weird things that make you think how old is
Greek so what does this word mean it means hollow Divine Law or to make holy
ready for this let's see what the lsj says hollowed sanctioned or Allowed by
the law of gods of nature DK sanctioned by Divine
Law what you telling me Osiris's name is is is Greek and it means to be
sanctioned by Divine Law that's what it says here look at this permitted or not
forbidden by Divine Law of person's Pious devout religious
oos all right check this out right so the bowl
the bll which is represented by dionis and apis
is the bow that is slain now if you know if you know anything about the mysteries of Addis
they washed their initiates in the blood of a of a blood of a bow just like
Christ just like when you're initiated in Christ in the Bible it says wash I think it's first John first John is the
is the chapter where it says that you are washed in the blood of the Lamb your
initiates in Christianity are washed in the blood of the Lamb so um look at
this so if you actually you look really closely in this it's very hard to see it
but right right here I can see it right now you might not be able to see it but if you can look this up if you want check
fact check me right here it actually says seaso s e b s i o there's the S
right there there's the E right there there's the B there's the E there's the S there's the I there's the O it's very
hard to see but if you look it up it's France Kuma is the first one to spot this out seaso is the name of dianis sa
sabazius it also means holy sa sabba means holy so Osiris down
in Egypt means holy sabazius up in friia means holy it's the same exact it's
they're literally translations of each other they're both Vine Gods they're both gods of the the of the vine of the
uh of Ivy they both wear Ivy um they both die and resurrect and
they're both both both of them are represented by a bull whether it's the apis bull or this ter Tauros and their
their blood washes new initiates you're saved by the blood of the bull
right look at this all right um I don't know why it's
taking so long from this for this thing the load oh here it is okay ready for
this Revelation 7:14 sir thou knowest these
are them that came out of Great Tribulation and have washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the
Lamb that's mystery religion language guys they're taking the lamb from the
bowl the bowl represents veril and strength and power the lamb is meekness so they're flipping the mystery
into a different this is what they want their their followers to be meek this is what they want to This Is How They want
to run their civilization into this what the Mystic priests are doing it's
actually kind of fascinating if you think about it all right lastly I want to show one more thing from
Lucian I love Lucian by the way um Lucian Lucian has some
interesting things to say he's the last I want to say the last
great um the last great Pagan Roman to
ever live and he says some crazy stuff um
that's the wrong page let me just pull up this last page real quick and then I I this is this
will tie everything together I promise he
says what did I do with it oh I got it actually I got it it's
over here Lucian let me go to Lucian real
quick all right here it is so Lu here it is right here so this is from
Lucian him to the mother of the Gods he's talking about the mithraic
religion this is the last strata of paganism that ever existed and he says
something very interesting down here a little
bit he says Perhaps it is worth to raise the following question there are two
equinoxes but men pay more honor to the Equinox in the sign of Capricorn than is
the sign of Cancer surely the reason for this is evident since the sun begins to
approach us immediately after the Spring Equinox for I need not to say that the
days begin to lengthen this seemed to be more agreeable season for aart the
explanation which says that light accompanies the gods you must believe
that the uplifting rays of the sun are nearly akin to those who yearn to be set free from generation
down here he says for when with our eyes we perceive
the Sun's light not only is it welcome and useful for our lives but also the Divine Plato said when he sang its
Praises it is our guide to wisdom and if I should also touch on the secret
teachings of the Mysteries in which the caldan divinely frenzy celebrated the god of the seven
rays that God through whom he lifts up The Souls of
men I should be saying what is intelligible yeah wholly unintelligible
to the common heard but familiar to the Happy theorist he's basically say those who have ears to hear right
now the seven raised God we know in just in many depictions is Soul Invictus or
mythus but there is another seven raid God who comes a lot later in history
recently to us and that's this God so somebody the architect of the
great of the great Statue of Liberty who holds up that that that torch the light
bear Lucifer that architect I looked I looked into this person a lot this person was a
Freemason very Mystic um very into the Mysteries and I would not be surprised
if this was inspired by the raised God of Julian the the goddess libertas
that's who that is that's Libera so that's the mystery and that's
that's the muses right there it's about so so to to sum it all up to what I'm just what I'm getting at the religion
that I want to replace Christianity Judaism in Abra and um in um Islam with
is the religion that's not dogmatic doesn't require you to believe anything doesn't require you to say something
happened in the past that you have to know about you don't nobody's requiring you to know any of that stuff it's all
is saying is that you can have divine inspiration too anyone can it's the religion of the Muse it's a religion of
inspiration it's a religion of poetry it's a religion of music religion of film theater
love Madness and that has no dog dogmatism at all
required and that means that what Christianity came along and did was it
took way divine inspiration this was the last debate between the gnostics and the and the Orthodoxy what were they
debating what were they trying to fight over divine inspiration the most important thing in the world the those
gnostics were saying divine inspiration can come to anybody and the church was saying no no no no no only the Bishops
can have divine inspiration we're the only ones that can have it no one else is allowed to have it they took all that
power to themselves they pretty much ended religion as we know it they pretty
much killed the gods there's a reason why Plutarch got the Oracle that the
great God pan was dead as Christianity was Rising that's what it
is that's it gorgeous the death of inspiration
such a somber note to end that gorgeous chorus that was
fantastic um I was looking through some of your some of your Source work is in
my mind as you were going through it and uh I just wanted to say um very well
done it's a [__] ton of sources and people there's nothing that you can argue against just sources right because
it means you're not really putting anything forward but what's the actuality right like you doing court or
something I think it's I think it's brilliant I want to ask you a question though I get first question and um
anybody questions go ahead and put them in the comments and let's see um if we can get some answered but um I want to
ask you what do you think the scholarly and
Theological professional opinion will be of you talking about
this history um from these sources that shows things that are very different about Christianity and Juda ISM well how
do you think this kind of stuff will be received how do you think a theologian or a pastor or somebody just watching
who's been exposed to Christianity how do you think people will receive this I think whether they know it or not they
might not know this but a lot of these Scholars of of Juda of of the
Bible are pawns that are being used to protect
sacred history to protect the Bible to make sure that these two pillars stand up the
two pillars are one that the Old Testament is very ancient it goes all the way back to the early Iron Age
Bronze Age that's got to be there it's got that's got to be the oldest it's got to predate Homer they have to have that
happen because they want everything else to be inspired by it it can't be the other way around you can't you can't say
that the Bible starts around it gets finished you can't say the Bible's a product of the third Century BC because that's no that would kill the whole
religion that would take the root out of the tree the second pillar is that Jesus
is special and that Christianity is special and unique and inspired by God
and that no paganism has any influence over it those two pillars have to stand
so if anybody tries to encroach that they will be met they will be met with
problems yeah what do you think our chances are because you know we've got the Bible and we can teach people the
Bible what do you think our chances are if we just take it to them with the Bible and just show them everything
that's in there or do you think ultimately there's going to be movements
against you know okay you can't say something bad about X Y or Z right
because you're discriminating against us religiously do you think that the day is
coming when there are laws that will be made that will make it illegal for us to
talk about such things so freely it's amazing how anybody's allow you can go
ahead and you can say agam didn't exist and the Trojan War didn't happen that's
all non you could say that if you wanted to right and people would say oh cool yeah but if you if you doubt Hebrew
Bible History all of a sudden you get slapped with this oh you're profaning Jewish
history and that's anti-semitic wait I didn't say anything about Jewish people I'm talking about a
taex that I don't think happened oh that's really that's really uh rude oh do you know that's anti you
can't that's the people the people actually believe that and that that's it's like I don't care I don't care I can if if you're if
I'm allowed to criticize other ancient mythologies and say those didn't happen
then I can criticize this one too and I it's amazing how quick people will throw
that word at you the as word the anti-semitic word just for pointing out
things that are true right right and what's what's such a crime I think about
that is that the actual history of the Jewish people is way more interesting
right the very fact that they're part of these migrations through the aan you know and how does that influence their
cultural development that's why wouldn't you want to know the reality why
wouldn't you want to know uh I just don't get it what you showed with crazy
it's crazy how this one area of of study has the special honors and it has this
this little protection thing going on where to criticize it all of a sudden makes you evil or something it's it's
like there's a lot I can say about that but that's we'll leave it at that for now it's um when you bring out the
linguistic evidence you kind of show one of the things you said that I really liked was um nobody knows how old Greek
is right and it you start pulling out the plasan into the equation and you're
getting way before there's nothing in Egypt right yeah you got these you these
Scholars that I can't stand well there one of them on the top of my head right now who won't even say the word
Yahweh they say Adonai because I don't want to be rude and say Yahweh it's a
Divine name I can't say it but like then you have actual Jewish people saying
Yahweh not caring it's like why are you look silly you look stupid right now and I I think you're fake as hell sorry I
just think that's fake as hell yeah like why should I listen to you if you have this laws that you have to follow you
can't even say Yahweh but you're I'm supposed to take you as as the as the scholar of this relig no you're showing
me your bias right then and there it and I know and I know you're gonna protect this thing at all costs whatever there
whenever there's a wash when it could go either way you're picking Jud you're picking sacred history over the TR over
over facts that's what it looks like yeah yeah yeah yeah totally totally we
have to just work with the evidence so obvious it's so obvious that there if
you can't even say the word Yahweh and you want me to think that you're uh you're a middle a middle a mediator
between the truth and no you're working for a you're playing on a team it's so
obvious you know who you sound like you know who you sound like Neil you sound like Tuton Almon complaining about that
monest worship of a 10 and how it overthrew Ammon you're talking like him
um that's the that's the whole it's that totally repressive monest bent right
like Judaism and Christianity Islam are not the only manifestations of um monest religions
they're not and we know that when you know when when you have this phenomenon
take place that you have immediately sensation look at where your creative stuff goes right look at where the what
you and I would call Freedom in the culture goes all of a sudden you've got groups that can be
persecuted right all of that that is a monest tendency and if you read the
history going on around you you can take the temperature of the patient and sayoh look what you know what I think we're
going to have persecutions now and we'll say it'll begin this way you can just
replay that record of History you were doing some work with dark ages stuff
tell me tell me did you ever get off and debate on the Dark Ages so I thought he
was bailing out which I thought I didn't know if he was GNA actually do it we had a set up I was going to debate somebody
an actual Christian very prominent Conservative Christian on the topic of
was the Dark Ages actually dark of course I'm taking the opinion taking side of yes this person is giving G
getting the side of no and which they actually have scholarship on their side so that I thought I'm giving you an easy
position to to fight me on he bailed out however before I before you talk crap
about him he does he did agree to reschedule it to the 22nd so let's hold
off on see if he actually shows up or not okay my guess that he won't but hey I might be wrong I hope I hope um that
he will because uh this is a problem that I've been having is nobody wants to
step into the ring right I think it's I think it's cowardly I think it's really
cowardly if you're willing to go out there on YouTube and and say anything
about these texts and these religions um why why won't you talk to
somebody uh who's got maybe some
evidence that you should look at right it's just SCI slam dunks they want the
easy slam dunks they go on Tik Tok and they find that one [__] who wants to do
like the make the dumbest claims in the world and then like slam dunk on this person the easiest loow hanging fruit in
the world and then get all this praise for being this great public facing scholar that's refuting misinformation
out there that nobody actually believes anyway so you're not it's like what do we do you're just what what's going this
is this is what phds are doing in this day and age what what's going on yeah exactly and so their response to
you I think I predict is going to be silence yeah that's another thing that's
another thing if you want to actually engage in a real discussion bring with somebody who's actually serious about
this who's actually going to the primary sources who's actually trying to be careful nope don't want to talk to you I
can't that's like that's like the most mindblowing thing in the world supposed to be a public facing scholar and you
actually have somebody with real criticisms of some of this stuff and here's your here's your opportunity to
be to be the expert prove me wrong nope don't want to do it what does that tell
you it's some there's some [__] going on here there a lot of fake [__] going on with the scholars yeah yeah it
makes me think that spreading the sources like you're doing is way more important important historically right
now isn't that what a scholar supposed to do yeah yeah like a hundred years ago
before the internet or even 50 years ago let's say the scholar was the the place you had to go to to find out about the
ancient sources you couldn't there was no internet and you're not printing out books like they do today there's no
Amazon you had to go to a library or you had to go to to a university and learn from an expert now now with the internet
Scholars are almost being replaced because they're just off in their own little world writing academic papers for
a few people not the general Public's not reading these really
um specific topics of discussion and they're very Pol politicized it's very
politically driven you can tell very politically driven there's no more it's
it's not the same as it used to be and I'm only saying this as somebody who's who reads modern scholarship and reads
older Scholars I read both I read James Frasier and you're like oh my God the
wealth of knowledge this guy has Ricky he's like an encyclopedia of the ancient world just going into Syria going into
Phoenicia going into Egypt and writing about all these different gods in their in their Cults and then today it's like
every scholar you talk to is sort of relegated into this one little specific area and there's not a lot of big
anthropologic anthropology uh driven um I mean
books I guess I don't know there are some I'm not saying there isn't like you know obviously there's there's some
really good textbooks out there but I'm just saying for the most part that's what it seems to be the the Mania is bad
enough in modern Academia and I can only speak for Classics but the Mania is bad
enough um that they aren't doing their job they're not really guarding the
reason you're guarding those sources is for um the bigger uh benefit to
society right that's what you you they're not just nerds who are sitting around looking at books they're supposed
to be nerds who are making sure the public has access to this information so
that we can maintain without filtering it without filtering it through their own biases but that doesn't make careers
it you got to go through the biases you gotta go through the silly articles you got to go and I'm telling you from
experience in hundreds hundreds of meetings through my 20
years uh of Education alone I can tell you right I can tell you that this
process is meant to prop people up and it does and you have to become political
and you have to say x y z and if you say the wrong thing you can get fired I'm I'm the perfect example of that right
and once you're out you're outout so all of the academics Neil that you will
encounter at heart are scared right they're SC they're scared of losing
their jobs noticed that's what I've noticed yeah so they can't come out and
say such you know um such stuff you know uh I was I wanted to ask you um as you
open up this Gateway because what it is is a gateway to the to the past that we
have haven't been privy to up to this point um as you open up this Gateway are
you in uh in are you finding like an even more interesting history isn't it
cool when you look back at what the people are actually doing and you're like wow that's you know it's way more
interesting than this monest fairy tale I got growing up you know in
America yeah like I said before I'll say it again the world before the church was
colorful and three-dimensional and and then all of a sudden it just became dark and
two-dimensional that's what that's I think it's the best way to describe it and then people want to talk about oh
the Dark Ages wasn't really so dark you know the ostrogoths were actually pretty cool they built these great churches
they and they they struck look at this golden Monument they built I don't care about none of that I don't even care if
the economy was great which it wasn't by the way I'm finding that out right now it actually wasn't that great it was
only good if you were like living in the top 1% and you like a royal whatever but
anyways let's not even talk about the E economy or whatever I'm talking about text talking about literature talking
about things that make the world fun things that make you want to get up in the in the morning architect or yeah
architecture being one uh theater play writers poetry books about history where
what happened to all that [__] it goes away it it gets killed because
everything's directed at this one purpose the church the Trinity Mother
Mary and that's the world you're forced into the the the fact that people are
studying this stuff and still want to slap that label on themselves is
mindblowing it speaks volumes about a person that you know this history and you still want to slap that label on you
that you're and then and then like try to act like some sort of progressive
version of that no no no there's some fake [__] going on there I can see right through
it fake I love that I'm gonna I'm gonna quote you on that somay there's some fake [__] going on there right right all
right and um the more you peel back the more you look at those sources isn't it
amazing how the stuff just kind of fills in and you begin to see this picture
when you've read so of these voices of antiquity you
start to get a real kind of authentic feel every once in a while just to
inspire my audience who is going through the process of learning these sources
Neil tell us um it gets to a point where you you can see it so well that it it
kind of makes you high doesn't it yeah you're right there's a buzz that
you get from digging into these text and uh and trying to understand what was the
mindset like of people in those days compared to recently or in the Middle
Ages or something like that and you're right there's a buzz that you get from reading these people it's a different
world totally totally different world back then yeah and you can bring that to people you can bring that to them
through the language and through the sources so I think we're doing essentially what the Moder what the
ancient Museum would be doing right you're you're like a librarian if you're living in Alexandria you'd be working
for the library you know what I mean cataloging or something getting that
preserving that stuff I love it I love it you know it's preservation real quick
I just want to say something on that it's amazing how many texts that are
cited and quoted by ancient ancients like plutar or diodorus or or whatever
uh appus uh Lucian cites all these texts and they're all citing the same sources
like Lucian knows a lot of the same sources that plutar knows yeah uh penius knows a lot of the same sources heus
Vere is one of them right they're all talking about this heus Vere guy but then all of a sudden they lose all these
texts after the fourth Century it almost makes you wonder like what what how do
how did they just lose the what was going on in these libraries that they lost all these precious materials
that we now don't even know what they said we have to go through through um we have to go through fragments of other
taxs to find these find these TXS it's it's it's terrible it's almost like they
history was is almost lost G gayen was complaining about
Christians burning down libraries so I think it's I think it was intentional I
think that loss of information was monks who were us using classical text to wipe
their backsides with um and you can see only the most famous
survived and it's it's just Byzantine Scholars you know for everything that we
say those Byzantine Scholars oh God the commentators like ts's oh God Michael
CIS those guys they really did fight to preserve that they saved Humanity they
saved they really did and the um yeah like you said like you got to
think heus of ABA what did he say because we're talking about the oldest
person to ever talk about Moses and Abraham and and I know he was welln
because he's cited so often by plutar by Lucian by whoever panus mentions him so
he's obviously wellknown he wasn't like some rare text they obvious could have
preserved him he was obviously that volumous at the time what did he say that the church didn't want to preserve
what was he saying I bet you there's some [__] in there that they didn't want to keep and not only do they do they do
they get did they lose txt that they didn't want to preserve they messed with text that they wanted to change like
Josephus interpolating Josephus to put Jesus in there like that's they [__]
with our history and people just people just think it's okay yeah it's not
normal C for us you couldn't do that for us today you can't fake those I mean you
can't like like you know fake digital you'll lose your career you're done that would be that's horrible to do
that but um we have all of those sources
all we need to do all we need to do is go back to those sources and when you start reading that stuff you're doesn't
it I'm telling you it's a drug it's a complete drug when they we talked about inspiration tonight um those forms of
inspiration or Mania the doctors on the side of gayen were talking about those
types of mania and how they can be controlled with drugs part of your psychological well-being is your
balancing and that balancing comes through drugs as if the you know
Humanity was meant to have a constant supply of this natural stuff
um and it's all in Galen so when we talk about Madness and The Madness of the poet and all that kind of stuff that
gift that gift is just an adjustment of your interaction with nature right they
can breathe those mephitic vapers they can chew those leaves they can have
those snakes that they're milking they can use all of these chemicals but it
comes down to a process of very physical you know you know um real process and
that process was called the mystery and that's all we're doing is showing using
these sources to show you I thought what you did tonight you know with Yao I thought that was gorgeous thank you for
bringing in the little the manuscript that had the little EO and it's like dude seriously look at it there it is
you cannot deny that right there's no Miracle there you're just working with
evidence hardcore evidence so I love that and I hope that it doesn't cause
you problems to be associated with what did you think about the Osiris thing no
I think it's yeah I think it's because the name the name o o o oion in Greek is
Holy One and then sasus has the same name in Fran there's even there's even a
goddess called HOSA and she ultimately it comes into Greek ultimately as AA did
something with the vowels so yeah it is this holy Divinity and what I like about
Aisa is that she is um like supposed to be old old old like before Olympian
before anything you're seeing in in he see it she's supposed to come back from then so she's this like goddess of
Justice right she turns out to be very much like um themus very like and thank
you for mentioning thesmophoria and all that kind of stuff like that people think the laws were given you know
here's Western Civilization law was given by Moses he's looking into the burning bush he's getting all high and
he's bringing down stone tablets and saying don't do this that's where the law comes from bull that's a third
Century story right you already have legal precedent already in Greece just through
this agency right of oracles all that kind of stuff um their God is the God of
Justice right hello right the oric him to Misa because there's a there's a
female version of dionis in the orphic hymns called Misa and the orphic hymn to Misa calls her dionis the lawgiver and
everyone wants to say pagans were all all Lawless and just going around having origies no they were as a civilized
world where they took the law very seriously that's how democracy works with the law
thoria let me ask you a Bible question before I forget um when in the in the
Acts of the Apostles there when Paul is doing his thing and those um it says
those seven sons of the high priest uh the Judean high priest went into the
house with the guy and he had a bad spirit and they all come running out he says look this is not how Jesus did it
it's not how Paul did it and they all come out running out naked I wanted to
add I want I wanted to get your comments on that but I wanted to add that um it I
think it's reasonable to assume that if you have seven men in a house and they
all run out naked at the same time they weren't probably dressed and then had
their clothes ripped off by this demon possessed guy more likely that they were
there naked and he was like no no this is not how Paul you're using sense and
logic to figure out what we can't know it's true it makes me wonder why do you think
he was so mad and beat him up was it because it was seven of them and that's
not what Paul did is that I don't know what do you think I don't
know why is it why was he so mad I don't know
um but a by the way a lot of those other apocryphal every we we you and I have
both looked at these apocryphal early Christian second century texts there's some weird [__] going on like you have
stories about Mary being a child being given over to Joseph as a as like a child bride no one talks about that but
that was that was basically canonized from what I've understood that was like understood to be like the truth about
Mary be being given over to Joseph as a child bride and every all these Christians want to talk crap about
Muslims and saying oh Muhammad had a child Bri so did so did [__] Joseph
so I don't know what's going on what do you what are your thoughts on that about Paul by the way I think the the
apocryphal text that says that um this the Midwife came into Mary and palpated
her and her fingers uh she pulled her fingers out because um they were burning
and I think that kind of anthropological evidence I think that's
the most valuable right I think when you get down to the dirt right that's like
archaeology that's like literary archaeology there that's why I take that's why I take EP um epiphanous and
hpus and irus so seriously because you're getting you're getting an A View
you're getting a little window in the things that you're not supposed to know about those are the dirty sources that
supposed to be forgotten about okay what about speaking of dirty speaking of dirty sources what is your opinion on
Jesus going up into the mountains with Mary alone and pulling her out of his
side and then ejaculating after self-pleasuring and telling her she has
to eat it or they're gonna die I think what you're getting from epiphanous and by the way real quick epiphanius was a
encyclopedist so he if you read epiphanius Works he's got sources that go back he's got a lot epiphanius wrote
almost as much as Plutarch probably wrote we're talking books upon books upon books upon books he was just
writing every day of his life he wrote a lot he had a lot of sources he was citing a lot of ancient text so when he
tells us about a sect of Christianity that existed in the first century that had these spe certain gospels about Mary
that have Jesus going on the mountain and splitting himself in a half the way that you get with like Adam and Eve it's
part of the mystery like you mentioned the diad the monad rips into a diad and splits off
right that's what it's supposed to be that's what it's representing that to me sounds like an early Ripple of
Christianity that they tried to distance themselves from that's what I think is going on but
I think what you're getting in that text is not some random heretical offshoot it's early Christianity
itself why is it that eating Jesus's
Sean is g to give Mary life why do you think Jesus was insisting on that
because that's that's that's the that's the I
want to say it's the mystery but it's like a Corruption of the mystery because you would eat dianis at at the eloian
Mysteries you would take part in drinking the Kon that had the blood of dianis in the in the body of Deiter the
the beer what if you so they're just doing their own version of that in Christ and by the way that just like the
lamb replaces the bow it's mystery talk M it's it's the we're
talking about language that is would be very noticeable to any any Greeks living
in that time period what about this the Seaman I really want to
dwell on this point I really want to dwell on this point what about the Sean is going to be giving life it is it is
his Essence that is giving life if we know that they're
using seman in rights number one and we know in Christian rights and we know
that they're using semen in
medicine could the use could could Jesus's I'm just trying to get in Jesus's mind if I were standing there
and we had gone to this private place like you said and you know there she is and all of a sudden I start spanking and
then I tell her you've got to eat this or you're going to die um I'm only going
to do that if I know there's something in that
seen ready for this that's gonna counteract what she's got I mean when I
saw the first time I saw two Roman soldiers piss into each other's mouth
right um I thought okay okay I get it I knew gayin was
drinking the urine all time time but okay I get it um is there something in
Jesus's Sean is this holy Sean I gotta share my screen real quick that I got
down there so it's this is from John's gospel this is not some apocryphal text
in John 6 he says it he says anyone eaten of this bread he
will live and then he says I will give my
SARS that word SARS could be either blood or semen
right it's gonna be no the SARS is going to be Flash and the um the seamen uh
going to be the haa in Greek originally haa does just mean any body fluid that is your essence
but it comes to mean blood so yeah okay h yeah yeah so yummy yummy
flesh The Taste flesh yeah whoever eats the haa whoever drinks the haa and eats
the SARS gets to be Zoey yeah and that's what he's talking about when he splits himself off you see how it all comes
back cir full circle when you the the the the female that splits off from the male is Zoe he's basically saying you
could be Zoey too eat my Zoey that's what he's doing yeah isn't that right it's crazy but
it's it's kind of wait a minute wait a minute so we've got two factions tell me if this is right we have ton we have
tons of factions but we've got two kind of sides we've got the people like the of fites and Jesus who is into Seaman
consumption right then we've got the people who are saying no no no we gotta
stop we gotta stop doing that um is this the biggest problem of Christianity and
its in its seminal form and its earliest form problem are they trying to sort out
the the whole sexuality of the mystery I don't know that's what I think is going on I think early early in the early
Christian days you had a lot more deeper darker mysterious things going on and as
it starts to popularize just like any other thing in the world it becomes corporatized and then it becomes oh we
got to make it PG-13 you can't have it rated out anymore so then they start distancing themselves from their ancient
the real the real pioneers of the religion Christianity that's what I think you're seeing that's why I think
these these these uh ref reput tators were so important the irenaeus hippius
epiphanius Justin Martyr because they had it was their job to cut off cut off
their roots and basically distance them themselves from their own
past it's a it's a shame now what took you um what did you have to do to get to
this point that you understand that because you know most people don't understand that what you just said how
did you get to that point just tell everybody real quick how did you get to that point well because you don't have
any other sources besides those you have a black hole in the first
century black hole besides Paul and the Gospels there's nothing else but then
you start reading the reputat and they go oh oh this guy uh his name is
saturnus he lived in the first century he was a heretic oh this guy Justin or this guy um basil he lived in the first
century he was a heretic oh this guy Liv in the second century he was a heretic wait so who is not the
Heretics there's only all we have a bunch of Heretics and then you guys living in the second century and then
all of a sudden it's like oh where's Paul's writings at you got those okay what about Peter what about James what
about oh we lost all their stuff so all we have are Heretics Paul in the gospels
in the first century and uh Clement of Alex Clement of Rome and
$50,000 worth of Magic books in one little village right
$50,000 in Magic books and that's what that's what I'm saying like all EX
exactly then we finally discover text and what do we find we find the heresy
stuff they go in they go to nagamati oh we found ancient Christian documents oh
what are they gonna say is it going to be on the Trinity is it going to be something that that that promotes Paul's
writings there be something that promotes uh Justin nope heresy heresy heresy heresy heresy so it's like what
else do we have what you have nothing else but heresy that makes me think that
the heresy was the real Christianity it's just very
simple yeah we have a duty I love it we have a duty to keep this stuff out in
the public and to let people know for for Humanity to know because you're
painting a very different picture and but what it does is it does you're
getting you're creating right now the type of comments that I get which is oh
now it makes sense I never I always thought something was wrong you can actually see from what you're doing with
the sources you can kind of shine light on what the movements in Christianity
were and how they took over and destroyed classical civilization and
that's classical civilization had to Bubble Up over time in the Renaissance
Enlightenment right oh God I love it it's a long line man I I uh my hats off
to you for being one of those documentarians people remember they will
burn statues of Gnostic informant right they'll they will uh burn him in apigy
and then they'll 400 years later they'll burn him in uh into bronze they'll make
a statue of him and they'll say this guy this guy was good which we always do
first of all you they always demonize the dude who comes up with something
knew right they always demonize that person and then it takes them a couple of centuries and enough people do enough
work on what that person was doing that they realized oh that person was actually right you know what Bruno was
saying Bruno was saying there's other planets out there right un innumerable
other planets out there with people on them imagine imagine right um gorgeous
um how at first right right right because everything has to revolve around Earth
We're the whole this is and and Jerusalem is in the middle right that was the universe of that was the cosmos
of the of the church forever right set set us free let give
us the give us the sources that's what the where the beauty is thank you for coming tonight Neil tell us if there's
anything we need to look out for coming out soon or anything yeah got some stuff
coming out very soon this weekend so look out for it that you don't have to tell us what
it is that's cool you'll see what it is you'll see all right good a reputation a good one a reputation oh that that
leaves it off perfect exciting okay um satanic congregation thank you for
coming and for uh supporting this Venture this dual Venture tonight
between myself and Gnostic um thank you for your attention and Hil Satan Hil
Satan Gates ofon Dragon Lady of the Lake snake venom
dream section malop purple ion House of
Frankenstein violent rain Rhymes mura hold the flame Athena in the sky diamond
sharp on the magic CET I fly The Man Who Laughs wear a mask hey way th make these
[__] jumpy out on Broadway Dr
Doom B go you get the face Mo magic
is you crush you get the
place magic get medicine wish you would jeers creepers
Mya [Music]